	My name is Joseph (Joey) Abi-Hashim. I was born on August 3, 1992 in San Diego, California. 
I lived there for 15 years, and left after my freshman year of high school. I moved with my family to Montreal, Quebec, Canada 
where I completed another two years of high school. We then moved to Beirut, Lebanon where I finished my senior year and graduated. 
Throughout my early schooling years and high school, I had above average grades, mainly A’s, while maintaining a social and 
active lifestyle. I played football in my freshman year and soccer during my stay in Montreal. Ever since I was young, I have been
passionate about computers, video games, and technology in general. I am always in the know when it comes to these specific topics 
and they are simply what I adore. My friends and family know me as the “technophiliac”, and because of that I have become the go-to 
guy for any and all technology related advice and help.
	I am currently in my freshman year of university and studying Computer Science at the American University of Beirut (AUB). 
I have only completed an introduction to programming course since most of my other courses have been general education, but so far 
I love it. This course was focused on the basics of coding and was based around the Java programming language. While I am only strong
in this one language, I have attempted to teach myself C++ and have had a fair bit of success doing so. Next semester I am set up to
take the continuation course of my recently completed CS course, along with another based on discrete structures.  
	When in San Diego, I worked at Panasonic and tested a networking peripheral that was used to wirelessly connect video game
systems (or computers) to a router. Since I was well informed of the way the PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360 connected to wireless networks
and knew how to get them up and running for online play, I was selected for such a job. During my stay in Montreal, I was fortunate 
enough to receive the opportunity to test games for the Ubisoft studios based there. Here in Lebanon my opportunities have been 
limited since technology is not exactly this country’s strongest suit. Therefore, as soon as I saw this opportunity to learn from 
the folks at IGN while quenching my passion for technological knowledge, I jumped at it. 


Contact Info: 

	Name:			Joseph Abi-Hashim
	Email: 			joey.abihashim@gmail.com
	Address:		Dbayeh, Beirut, Lebanon
	Phone Number: 		01196170572819	
	

	
