	November 22, 2005: Xbox 360.

	March 16, 2007: PlayStation 3.

	December 26, 2007: My first laptop, HP.

	September 15, 2008: iPhone 3G.

	July 17, 2010: Alienware M11xR2.

	September 18, 2010: iPhone 4.

	

	I remember each and everyday like it was yesterday. And of course there are many, many more dating back farther than my memory
holds. A couple of days before the Xbox 360 was set to launch I called up two of my friends and hyped it up for them like there 
was no tomorrow. It was something we had to have, I told them. I remember the night before launch, I was getting ready the clothes 
I wanted to wear the day we would camp out in front of our local Costco. I put aside basketball shorts and a sweatshirt. I knew
it would be cold at 4 am in the morning but didn't care; I needed to be able to run past everyone to get to the register first. The morning 
of launch day I woke up, woke my sister up, then my dad, who would drive us to Costco so I could meet my friends. I remember this
horrible feeling in my stomache when we drove up and saw a number of people already lined up. I thought to myself, there is no way
I'm getting an Xbox 360 today or anytime soon for that matter. Even one of my friends was already there. I quickly lined up and retained
the little hope I had left. I was number 23. At around 9 am, I walked out of Costco holding my brand new system high above my head. There
were 25 Xbox 360s in stock. I had just made it. Unfortunately, we were going on a trip to Las Vegas that day so I had to leave my
360 at home and wait another 3 days to come back home to open it. Worst. 3. Days. Of. My. Life. 
	
	I've had similar experiences with the PS3 and other major electronic devices or systems. But the one I always tell at parties
is the one about my Xbox 360. Although, the conversation with the girl usually ends at the part where I mention me walking out of 
Costco, holding my video game system with a huge grin on my face. I rarely meet anyone who is as passionate about technology
as I am, if ever. Technology has always been a huge part of my life and I am currently in school doing what I love to ensure 
that it remains in my life forever; and that soon I will be able to make an impact on the technological innovations that are bound
to arrive in the future.
